---
layout: page
title: Paing Oo's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: ReCLIne

####Overview
ReCLIne is a management application used by recruiters to organise their applicant and job data. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability delete applicants from ReCLIne. [\#86](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/86) [\#100](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/100)
    * What it does: Allows the user delete an applicant from ReCLIne. 
    * Justification: This feature is important as it gives recruiters the ability to remove an irrelevant applicant from ReCLIne when the applicant is no longer needed. This keeps the applicant list tidy and more focused on the important applicants.
    * Highlights: This enhancement involves multiple classes and hence requires in-depth analysis of the original AB3 codebase.
    * Credits: *This feature was adapted from the delete command from AB3.*

* **New Feature**: Added the ability delete jobs from ReCLIne. [\#143](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/143)
  * What it does: Allows the user delete a job from ReCLIne. 
  * Justification: This feature is important as it gives recruiters the ability to remove an irrelevant job from ReCLIne when the job is no longer needed. This keeps the job list tidy and more focused on the important jobs.
  * Highlights: This enhancement involves multiple classes and hence requires in-depth analysis of the original AB3 codebase.
  * Credits: *This feature was adapted from the delete command from AB3.*
  
* **New Feature**: Added the ability to sort the job list by the job status. [\#155](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/155)
    * What it does: Allows the user to sort the job list by the job status which can be either "filled" or "vacant". 
    * Justification: This feature is important as it allows recruiters to easily see which jobs are filled or vacant.

* **New Feature**: Added new attribute class Qualification. [\#77](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/77)
    * What it does: Allows users to save the highest qualification of applicants and the qualification requirement for jobs.
    * Justification: This feature would be useful in the future when we develop a matching feature which matches applicants to jobs by the qualification.
    
* **Code contributed**:
[RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=e0543517&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
    * Managed release `v1.2` (1 release) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests [\#33](), [\#34]())
    * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the features `deleteapplicant`, `deletejob` and `sortjob`.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `deleteapplicant` feature.

* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:

* **Community**:
    * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#74](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/74), [\#168](https://github.com/AY2122S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/168), [\#19](), [\#42]()
    * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
    * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
    * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* **Tools**:
    * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
    * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
